# MSMC Transport Carrier // 3.25.5016u
En route to **Scylla**. 

**Welcome to the Mirrorsmoke Mercenary Company (MSMC).** 

We have a long history of service in systems that Union does not have considerable command or control over, providing for the diaspora of the reorganized Union. You have shown more that adaquete competencies in the ability to pilot mechanized chassis and complete contracts. As such, we are assigning you to an exciting new frontier - the Maelstrom Cross.

With numerous local governments, states, and corporate powers, the Maelstrom Cross offers unique oppertunities for advancement and achievement. Defending agricolonies, bounty hunting in time displacement worlds, and supressing chaotic elements that threaten the order of the Cross. And for good pay too!

As members of MSMC, you will be given semi-autonomous status to choose contracts given to the MSMC as well as negotiate terms and contracts of your own. With membership to MSMC, you are granted discounts to licenses from the major corpo-state powers and printing little afforded to those outside of said powers or Union. 

As we approach the Scylla system and your deployment to the Maelstrom Front, we will be completing **Virtual Training**. Upon arrival, you will be assigned a handler and deployed on you first mission - the MSMC tradition of the Milkrun. Successful completion of this trial mission will grant you semi-autonomy to pick contracts that work well with your team. Good luck, and welcome to MSMC. 
